www.DopeMovie.io
[Maria]
O Lord, Jesus Christ...
...redeemer and savior.
Forgive my sins.
Just as You forgave
Peter's denial
and those who crucified You.
Count not my transgressions...
[speaking Spanish]
[bird chirping]
[newswoman] A rural area of
Northern California
is the center of the state's
new "Green Rush."
[newsman]
A modern-day land-grab
by would-be marijuana
cultivators and speculators.
[newsman 2] Voters just legalized
the recreational use of marijuana.
[newsman 3]
California will soon oversee
the largest legal weed market
in the world.
[newsman 4] The horror going into
now; is marijuana incorporated?
[newsman 5] This moves it from the
cooperatives to the corporations.
[newsman 6] Some residents
of the tour county
have said that the boom
has turned to bust.
Sorry, did I wake you?
No, it's okay.
You want some coffee?
Mm... no.
[coughing]
[newsman]
Prop 64 was supposed to give
small growers
a window of time to compete.
[newswoman] It would've stopped
big corporations
from snapping up land,
mass-producing marijuana,
and driving long-established
farmers out of the business.
[newsman] Growers were
shocked when the regulations
did not limit the size
of farms as expected.
Rise and shine.
[newsman]
These growers are up in arms.
[man]
If you want to get licensed,
you have to be able to
come up with hundreds
of thousands of dollars.
[man 2]
Now, we're not going to be able
to take care of ourselves,
legally.
Small farmers
are being shut down.
Did you get enough sleep
last night?
[Caleb] Yeah.
[Rob]
Bangin' them chicks again, huh?
- Yep.
- Yeah.
Don't catch something, man.
Hittin' the head real quick.
She's in there.
Go piss in the bush.
I gotta take a shit.
You... You're fuckin' late
already again.
[whispers indistinct]
[man on radio] It's just going
to go underground again.
People are not going to be
willing to take the hit.
[newsman] Now the Green Rush has
attracted a ton of unlawful pot growers.
[man] The only thing
that keeps the price high,
is the fact that it's illegal.
[newsman] Most of it is
trafficked across America,
up to 80% of the black market.
[newsman 2] Now, the sheriff has
tried to figure out
how to tackle an increase
in thefts or shootings that...
[newsman 3] Locals say that the
once quiet foothill community
has changed
and not for the best.
- [man] I really believe...
- [knocking at door]
...that it's going to turn
out to be the worst decision
that California ever made.
Hey!
Bro!
Hey, let's go.
I gotta show you something.
- You change those filters yet?
- No. Come on.
Just leave that for a minute,
you gotta see this shit!
- [Rob] Where we going?
- [Caleb] You'll see.
[mutters]
...Caleb.
[music plays on radio]
[man whistles]
Yo.
New schedule.
What is this?
I mean that's the food chain
right now, bro.
Are you kidding me?
- How am I supposed to live off this?
- Well, that's what we got.
So, I think this connects
to the one by my tent,
but I haven't went
deep enough to check.
This is what
you been doing all morning?
Dude, there could
still be gold in there.
Come on, man, you're stupid.
We got work to do. Let's go.
Yeah, I've been
putting in work...
On the perimeter:
tripwire, noisemakers.
Gotta plan accordingly, bro,
protect what Dad left us.
Oh, like his Ka-Bar?
Put it back when you're done
with it.
Oh, if you get lost in there,
I'm not coming to find you.
- Yeah, you won't need to find me.
- Uh-huh, sure.
You'll be crying for your big
brother when you need me later.
[whispers] Stupid...
Shakedown, inmate!
Nuts and butts!
Oh... still jumping to the screw's
voice like a good wee doggy, hey?
What's going on, man?
What the hell you doin' here?
I thought they had you doing
all day and night?
Ah, you know me.
No cage can break me.
Need a ride?
Yeah.
Come on, now.
[Adder] Weren't they
deporting that fuck?
There's no way he's paroled.
He was on a torture rap.
Look, I'm just telling you
what my boy told me,
and he's just not
a bullshitter, man.
It's the same dude we're gonna
flip Rob's shit to, all right?
Wait, wait, you told a guy from LA
we're sitting on a bunch of herb?
How the fuck was I supposed
to know Ticker was out?
Maybe we should go, man. We should...
we should just dip for a while.
- He's not coming all the way here...
- [door opens]
- ...for 15K.
- There gotta be a bunch of other guys
who owe him more bricks
than we do.
This is on you.
This is all on you!
- You fell asleep cooking his shit.
- [door closes]
You remember that?
That wasn't me!
[music playing on radio]
[whispering] You're the one who
just sent him a fucking post card!
And what happens
when Rob can't move all this?
What happens then, huh?
I'll figure something out.
[door opens, closes]
[birds chirping]
[exhales]
Hey, we need some more totes.
- I just bought another 20.
- Yeah, they're full.
I can take your truck
if you're busy.
And, uh, if it's cool, since I'm
kinda working for free right now,
I was wondering if you could hook
me up with a little something.
Look, I ain't a charity.
Hey, babe...
Keep trimming.
I'll go.
[Maria]
I need you real quick.
Can it wait?
I gotta drive into town.
Keep trimming.
[Swift] I knew it was some... I knew
it was going to be some bullshit, man.
- I knew it.
- [Ticker] Why'd you get a job in the first place?
I guess a blessing
they cut my hours.
You know how much
my last check was?
Seventy dollars.
What am I supposed to
do with that?
Matter of fact,
check this shit out.
You won't believe this shit.
Oh, what's that,
your gate money?
- Yeah.
- How much?
Guess...
Hundred bucks?
Eighty-three fucking cent.
[laughing]
You believe that shit?
Fifteen years
for a bullshit possession beef,
and these motherfuckers
didn't even give me enough money
to buy a Happy Meal
when I got out.
Poor wee baby.
You want to make
some real money?
There it is.
I was wondering when
your ass was gonna get to it.
I ain't interested, Tick.
It's nothing heavy.
Just some soft boys
who owe me from before.
Man, I got two months
left on my probation.
I ain't going out like that.
Your probation officer,
your boss,
the whole fucking world,
sees you as a criminal.
So, you might as well
just be one, hey?
Fuck it, man.
Yeah, well, I can't say "fuck"
until two months from now.
Until then I gotta be nice.
I'll give you five grand
to stand next to me
for five minutes
with your yard-face on.
You mean this face?
That's the one.
- [laughing]
- That is the one.
One look at you
and they'll cough it right up.
All right, I'm in.
But that's it though.
Nothing else, man.
Best decision you ever made.
[hip hop music plays]
[rock music plays]
♪ Come back to California ♪
♪ I'll be waiting for ya ♪
♪ No matter where you go ♪
♪ When you leave
you take a part of me ♪
[bird chirping]
Yo, Caleb.
The pigs.
Where's Adder?
I don't know.
[engine shuts off]
Afternoon.
Looking for Robert Hayes.
Nah, he's not here.
I'm his brother, Caleb, though.
Nice to meet you.
How long you been here?
Since last fall.
You boys got your papers
in order?
Yeah. Yeah, we filed with
the county clerk last August.
Don't you keep a record
of that stuff?
Could've saved you a drive
out here, man.
I want you to go fetch
what I came here for.
[narrator] In this harsh
and rapidly changing habitat,
even these regal hunters can be
forced into the role of scavengers,
and the war between
lions and hyenas over prey
is at its most intense.
Before humans evolved
to stride the Savanah,
these beasts ruled this land.
But these days,
to catch sight of them
is considered lucky
by many tribes.
A lotta people with deep pockets
getting into this racket.
A famous boxer, putting his name
on a grow down in the valley.
I don't watch boxing.
I thought you people
were born fighters.
Anyway, big corporations
coming in here like that,
gonna put you small-timers
out of business.
Ah, we just work here, man.
Well, with the prices
crashing from last year,
not much left to pay you guys,
is there?
215 compliant.
Non-profit back then.
Everything to code, all organic.
Yeah, so is dog shit.
You boys have a nice day.
[engine starts]
[exhales]
- Can you grab the totes?
- Mm-hmm.
What was he doing here?
Sheriff clocked us,
but you're so loved up,
you don't have a clue
what's going on.
What is your problem, man?
We're above board.
Yeah, now we are.
That's why we're sitting on
a bunch of overstock
so don't be so paranoid.
- We're a team.
- No, no, no. We were a team.
Now, that wetback,
her tattoo-necked cousin,
and his junkie buddy,
that's our fucking team.
You talk about her like that again,
and I'll hit you in your fucking mouth.
- Yeah, I'm your fucking family.
- Yeah, so is she.
She's pregnant, man.
[scoffs]
Congrats on your anchor baby.
[Swift]
I need to find a place to live.
I need to find a new job.
[Ticker] Well, aren't you lucky
that you're good old friend,
Ticker,
showed up just in time.
Well, I'm trying to figure out
if that's the God's work
or the Devil's work.
[Ticker chuckles]
What's the difference?
These days, I don't know.
What is this?
Father O'Connell
finally convert you?
You know me.
Chapel was just a quiet place
for me to read my books.
Ah, bullshit, the man
could preach like a Baptist.
Yeah, he'd try and lecture me about
God's mercies and bible stories,
but... I merely argued
that if his God existed,
then the animals in our books
wouldn't be so cruel to each other.
So, I'm curious, how did that
conversation with you and O'Connell go?
There wasn't much
of a conversation.
Turns out, I had a lot more
beefs than he had fables.
You ain't right, man.
I call it Profane Intervention.
[rock music plays]
[indistinct conversation]
[narrator] And although hyenas
have a reputation as thieves...
...they are more than
capable predators.
The matriarch
both dominates her pack,
and fiercely defends it from
the lions that stalk her cubs.
[Maria] You need in here?
When are you
going to stop smoking?
Whenever I'm not surrounded by
all this extra weed.
Well, once I sell it
then we'll take a vacation.
Oh, yeah?
Every boy I've ever dated
says that same thing,
"Waiting for the harvest."
Never comes.
Why don't you put on a shirt?
We got all these thirsty-ass
guys running around here.
I can't have 'em
seeing all your goods.
Oh yeah, don't tell me you're
getting jealous?
I'll make an honest woman
out of you yet.
Is that right?
Mm-hm. Then you,
me and the baby,
we'll take one of those safaris.
What makes you think I even want
to bring a kid into this, huh?
You believe everything
happens for a reason.
[narrator]
And this particular creature...
- You do?
- Yeah.
What do you believe in?
Serendipity.
Whenever she's around
you do whatever she says.
Everything's about Maria
with you, huh?
You fucking jealous?
Is that it?
No, you're not getting my point,
what I just said. Everything...
No, so, whoa... Whoa, whoa,
whoa, let me get this straight;
I invested my college fund
into this,
now you're just gonna
switch it up on me?
We could triple our money.
It was just an idea.
Yeah, whose idea?
[Maria]
It's just a little weed, Caleb.
Never hurt nobody,
no matter what state it's in.
Hey, uh, not to intrude, but we could
get a couple phony UPS trucks and...
You don't own any of this, so,
you don't have a say. I'm sorry.
Why you walking
through our bedroom?
My bad, man,
it was just quicker.
Walk around next time.
Yo, I can take the drive.
I'm down to do it.
No, I invested in a business,
not a fucking cartel. Fuck this!
You promised.
This little bitch.
You know, it's not worth
risk right now,
not with the cop
that just came by.
Come on, you know he's
just looking to get greased.
No, I made up my mind.
We're not doing it.
Thank you.
You shouldn't have
said that shit, man.
Whatever, he was already
being a little pussy.
I fucking knew it.
It's time to go now,
but you know that, right?
It's... it's time to go.
I'm gonna stay.
Adder, for once, cut your losses.
Ticker's a fucking psycho.
All the more reason
to get the money.
We busted our asses
all fucking season.
Nah, man.
I'm packing my shit.
I'm not trying
to bring this to my cousin.
I gotta go back
to the crib real quick.
I'll call you
and we'll talk it out.
Yo, I don't want you bringing it
to her either, all right!
[Rob] Stupid! One little slip up
and we're fucked.
Everything that I built is over.
And you won't even let
someone else take the risk?
It's not worth to risk.
[scoffs]
They're not afraid,
they know what they're doing.
It's not about that.
I made a promise.
Yeah, well, so much for this...
What, you don't think I'd give
whatever to protect my kid?
Give what, Rob?! What?!
You don't have anything.
You're broke.
You know...
...my dad died in the desert...
so my mom and I would have a better life.
Me and Caleb stashed some cash
from the last harvest
before the price dropped.
All we have to do is wash it,
and we'll be fine.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Why didn't you tell me?
I'm telling you now.
[exhales]
[rock music playing]
These things just work
themselves out.
Just... No.
Look, no, look, look...
We can't tell
your cousin just yet.
Let's just keep it between us
until we figure things out, okay?
[sniffing]
Well, tell Rob he can trim that
shit himself then!
All right, all right.
All right, all right, all right!
I'm coming back now.
- [phone beeps off]
- Fuck!
Who the fuck are you?
I didn't lose your base, man.
It was...
It was Diego, he burned it.
[Ticker]
All right.
Where is the cheeky bastard?
He found out you were out.
Skipped town.
I stayed because I'm gonna
pay off our debt.
Aw...
That was awfully good of you.
Smart, too. You should
never run from a predator.
Let's them know you're prey.
Now, where's my 50 G's?
Fifty?
We owe you 15, man.
Well, the clock's been
tick-tick-ticking, hasn't it?
[wincing]
Yo, Tick, what are you doing?
I... I can get it.
More than that.
My bosses grow!
He's... he's... he's got
five times
more than that up there.
Oh, yeah?
Mate, they're just criminals.
They're not gonna
call the police on you.
- If there's as much as he says there is...
- There is!
If there is...
...you can have half.
All right.
[dog barking in distance]
[Caleb] I wanna thank you
for what you did earlier.
It means a lot.
Don't worry about it.
When I made t-shirts,
you wore every one of them.
When I tried landscaping,
you picked up a shovel.
Yeah, I'm still shoveling.
Yeah, but I didn't want you following
me back here, you know that, right?
I don't regret it.
But you should be
figuring it out for yourself.
What does that mean?
You don't need this bullshit.
You can go back to school.
I can cash you out.
I don't care about any of that.
All I care about is this season
being over and us being good again.
This game's not for everybody,
you have to live this shit.
Then we'll do like you said.
We'll cross state lines.
I don't even know
if I want to do that anymore.
[exhales]
I just want me, her and the baby
to have a real spot, you know?
Yo, yo, Maria?
[door opens]
[Swift] So, it's definitely
just the three of them up there.
The kid brother,
the guy and his girl?
Mm-hm. Yeah.
Yeah, that's some bullshit.
Hey, yo, Tick,
let this motherfucker know about
the bird you was
telling me about.
The shrike.
It's a cute little thing,
about the size of a robin.
Has a black stripe across its eyes,
makes it look like a wee bandit.
Stop me if you know
what it does.
Do you know?
No.
It plucks...
...bugs, mice, other little
birds out of their homes
and impales them
on thorns and barb wire.
Snakes, too.
I gotta take a piss.
[door shuts]
[Ticker]
Aye, snakes, too.
'Cause nobody likes a fucking
snake, do they?
What do you think it does then?
Eats them.
Sometimes, aye.
[whispering]
What the fuck are you doing?
Other times, it likes to take
its prey apart piece by piece,
so it can make these wee trophy
displays, to attract mates.
It's just the way they are.
[car door shuts]
Way they was made.
So, one last time;
no alarms, and no surprises.
It's up there
about a half-mile on the right.
[engine starts]
[Caleb]
Yeah, about that.
I'm really sorry
for what I said earlier.
I didn't mean it.
I'll try to be nicer, I promise.
It's not about that.
You and Maria are gonna be fine.
And for the record,
she suggested giving you a bigger cut.
Hey, cuz. I got... I gotta go.
I can't stay here.
Where are you running off to?
I'm not running.
I just...
I can't be here.
Why?
[speaking Spanish]
This season's all messed up,
you know,
and I'm not just gonna sit
around for it to get worse, so...
[speaking Spanish]
I've done this
for you twice, now.
Can you please just be cool?
You think I want
to be on this farm?
You always have
a place here, man.
This is our home.
- Gonna be an uncle.
- Yeah, you are.
[bird chirping]
Let's go.
Cut through there...
bring us right behind the compound.
Yeah, okay, motherfucker.
Remember what I said in the car.
What's with all this?
- Just for show.
- Just for show?
Well, if that's how it's gonna be,
man, don't leave me empty-handed.
[Ticker]
Get the fuck out of here.
Fuckin' clown.
[Caleb] For the record,
I'm not taking a bigger cut.
You gotta fix the house up,
properly this time.
All right.
I'll fix the tree house
before I go.
She gotta learn
how to walk first.
She?
I just got a feeling,
you know.
[Adder] Brother usually chills in his
tent at the base right down there.
[Ticker]
You two circle around back.
I'll take the kiddie's place,
we'll meet up front.
Don't worry about
the fucking gun, worry about me.
Let's go.
Just pack a bag,
you can come with me.
[scoffs] You don't even have the
balls to tell me why you're leaving.
That guy me and Adder burned...
he's out, and I can't risk him finding me.
[Ticker]
Cunt said he'd be here.
Fine.
If you're scared then just go.
[speaking Spanish]
I wanna stay...
I wanna stay with you.
I just can't.
[speaking Spanish]
What's going on?
Says he's leaving.
No endurance for it.
Look, I meant what I said.
If that means you're done here...
It is what it is, man.
Uh, can I take a few a totes
as payment, or what?
Don't look at me.
I'd make him beg for it.
Take three.
I thought he was just frustrated
waiting on the yield.
No...
He insists he's in trouble.
Could've come to me about it.
I coulda helped.
I mean, at least,
I coulda paid the difference.
It's okay, babe.
Don't worry about it.
Talked to Caleb.
Yeah, about what?
About possibly,
uh, buying him out.
How'd he take it?
Surprisingly well.
Better than I thought.
I guess it's gonna be
just you and me from now on.
We'll take care of everything.
You gonna trim?
I can trim.
I'd rather learn
how to grow though.
When you gonna learn
how to do that?
Mm... I was thinking
you could teach me now.
- Now?
- Yes.
Like, right now?
Okay.
Mm...
It's so sweet.
When the females flower
they grow these colas,
which are a cluster of buds.
When the males flower it produces
pollen, which impregnates those colas.
Sounds familiar.
[chuckles]
Yeah, but we don't want that
because all that does
is give them seeds, right?
- [Maria] Mm.
- [Rob] So, to get the product right,
we cut down all the males before
they can ruin the females.
So, we kill off all the males.
I think
I'm starting to like this.
You would,
you smoke enough of it.
Jesus Christ.
They storing all this shit
for a reason?
[Adder] Too much product on the West Coast.
Can't shift it.
So, at this point, there's not
much to do besides pull the tents
so we can change
their day and night cycle.
- So, we just feed them, watch them grow and then harvest them.
- Pretty much.
[Swift] I can get six G's
for one of these in Detroit.
[Ticker]
Detroit's a long ways from here.
Where is everybody?
[Swift]
Who cares. Where's the paper?
[Adder] It's... It's gotta
be in the private room
but they have the key.
[Ticker] Oh, that's okay.
Brought my lock-pick.
We can't open up a safe
without them anyhow.
Let's just find the kid.
[Adder] They have to be
in one of the greenhouses.
[Ticker]
Aye. They better be.
The nursery is where
the real work is.
The younger they are,
then the more you have to nurture them.
But I like that part though.
- You're gonna be such a good dad.
- Oh, yeah?
[moaning]
[Swift]
Ohh... I missed you.
[Ticker]
Where are youse?
Shit! Hey, don't fucking move!
[groans]
[Adder] No, no, no, no, no,
he's with me!
He's with me.
- [groaning]
- Adder? Who the fuck is that?
What's going on?
There's more here than we
thought. We're gonna roll 'em.
[moaning]
Motherfucker,
you said nobody else was here.
There wasn't supposed to be.
[Ticker] Oh, you're running?
You better fucking run.
Ticker is gonna fuck you up.
Ticker's here?
[Ticker]
Run. Run.
- [Adder] Yeah.
- Where's Maria?
[moaning]
[Ticker] Fuck!
There he is. There he is.
Oh, hello, pal.
Fuck...
[gun cocks]
[Adder]
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
No, don't run!
Just don't...
Don't stop.
[Adder]
Fuck!
- It's just, Caleb. Hey, stop.
- No, no, no... Wait, baby.
- Oh, shit.
- [Ticker] Stop fucking moving.
Oh, who's this now?
Get that out your system, pal?
Come here, you!
Aren't you a rare creature?
No way this is
your natural habitat.
[cuffs tighten]
Take whatever you want.
[Ticker]
Okay. I will.
Freeze!
Put us in the closet,
we don't need to see shit.
[Ticker]
Shut it!
Where's the keys
to the back room?
In my pocket.
[Ticker]
That pocket?
[Rob]
Wrong pocket.
[Ticker]
Here? Right here?
Oh, here we are.
Oh, shit.
[Ticker]
So, uh, where's the safe?
What?
Here we fucking go.
- [panting]
- [phone dialing]
Come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on...
[line trilling]
- Yeah!
- [operator] 911...
- [Caleb] Hello.
- [operator indistinct, static]
Fuck!
- [phone dialing]
- Go, go, go...
Give me the fucking phone!
[operator]
911, what is your emergency?
[groans]
[operator indistinct, static]
Let go of the fucking
phone.
[coughing]
I don't wanna kill you, kid.
But I will
if you make me run again.
- [gun cocks]
- Now get your ass up!
Hurry up!
I didn't even hit you that
fuckin' hard.
Come on.
You don't need to do this.
[Ticker]
You, uh, habla American, chica?
'Course you do.
We all have to adapt
to our environment.
I'll give you whatever you want!
[Ticker]
Whatever I want?
You sure?
It's in the back
of the tool shed!
[Ticker]
Well, that's enough out of him.
[muffled yelling]
[Ticker]
Well, go on then.
Some cunts gotta be told
to do every little thing, huh?
This whole deal will go a lot
better for you and your brother
if you just do as you're told.
[Caleb]
How do you know he's my brother?
[Swift]
Shut the fuck up!
You worried about
the wrong shit.
[Adder] Fuck!
Fuck!
[gasps]
[Swift]
Hey, yo!
Hey!
[Ticker]
You're the boss here, hey?
Well... not no more.
[muffled yelling]
[muffled] Don't you ever touch her!
I'll fucking kill you!
[Ticker shushing]
If the next thing...
out of your gub...
...is anything but the combination to
that safe, then the next thing in it,
is gonna be moving
at 1,800 feet per second.
Comprende?
[chuckles]
Got something much nicer
for you, mamacita.
Try it. I'll bite it off.
[Ticker]
She speaks!
Try it and I'll take
that cabron's head off.
[door opens]
[Swift] Hey!
Are you high or something,
motherfucker?
[mutters indistinct]
[Ticker]
Was it there?
[Swift] Hey, I'm talking to you!
What the fuck was that?!
Huh?
Get over there and zip-tie
the fucking track star.
You and me, we need to talk.
Hey!
You can't
speak to me like that...
Hey, I ain't tryin' to
hear all that shit, man.
What's with all this
JCat shit, huh?!
You tryin' to get us sent to death
row this time? Why'd you shoot him?!
- Why the fuck did you shoot him?
- [Ticker] He was running!
[Swift]
So, you fucking kill him?
It's gonna be all right, Caleb.
He owed me.
Just like you.
Oh, okay.
I see what you're doing.
You know what?
I know
I shouldn't have came along.
You're starting the crazy ass
Tick-Tick-Tick-Ticker
shit all over again.
Well, I ain't going out
like that, man.
You wanna go around here,
you wanna hurt and kill people and shit?
- I'm outta here, man.
- Wait, wait.
Where's your gun?
Maria...
They didn't let you
have one, huh?
Hey, let me take care of it.
No, she's right.
He's nervous.
Caleb! Come on, man.
Come on, man.
You're nothing like them.
And... and I need you.
I need you, mate.
Come on, let's get this dough.
Let's get this money.
Make me...
[speaks Spanish]
Shut up.
What are you doing? Hey! Hey!
What are you doing with those?!
[yelling indistinct]
No more dead bodies...
or I'm outta here.
See? See?
No problem. No problem.
What are you doing?! What the fuck
are you doing with those, huh?
Don't you fucking dare.
What are you doing now?
Now, why don't you
move the truck...
No, go on and get that truck.
You go up there
and get the truck.
I ain't running my ass
up that hill twice.
Fair played.
What the fuck are you doing,
Maria?
I said I'll take care of him.
Don't be sucking his fucking finger off.
- [crunch]
- [groans]
[door opens, closes]
That's what you get.
[Swift]
Sit down somewhere.
You is a weird motherfucker,
you know that?
All right, everybody, listen up.
Your friend got stupid,
and then he got dead.
But nobody else
needs to get hurt.
Just tell us where it is,
then we're gone.
Where's what?
Did you just not hear what the
fuck I said about being stupid?
This is all we got, man.
I know it's not a lot.
Nah. Somebody's lying.
Yeah. Maybe it's him.
[grunting]
[Swift] Listen, man,
you know what's gonna happen
if my friend comes back
and I don't have an answer?
He's gonna kill us all anyway.
Probably you, too.
[Ticker]
Who's he think he is...
...talking to you like that?
Only reason he's breathing
is 'cause of you.
[breathes deeply]
Think about it.
He's already killed my cousin.
He's got nothing to lose.
Do you really think he's gonna
share that money with you?
Baby girl, let me let you
in on a little secret.
What?
He ain't my problem, he's yours.
No, he's right. He's right.
He's right.
Gotta stay cool. Stay cool.
Get that dough.
[engine starts]
Nah. You're manso.
Too tame.
Baby, stop. Shh.
- We're already dead anyway!
- Both of you, shut up!
Hey, don't talk to me like that.
[Swift]
Everybody, shut the fuck up!
It's not right.
Why did he not send that skinny
wee poof to move the truck?
[Swift]
Get up, man. Get up!
Get the fuck up!
Where's the safe, man, huh?
Where's the keys?
Where's the safe?!
Where is it?!
Caleb, I already told him
it was in the tool shed,
just tell him
where you moved it!
You should leave
before the cops come, man.
I know you didn't
call the cops, man.
He must think
he's smarter than you.
He's not smarter than you.
[muttering quietly]
Fuck!
He called 12, man.
The call went through,
they'll come and check it out anyway.
[grunts]
[Swift]
Hey, uh, yo Tick, man.
We're on the clock now.
So, one more time...
...where's the fucking safe?
Where's... the fucking... safe?
Huh?
You're gonna tell me.
- [Swift] Hey, uh, yo, Tick, man...
- Where's the safe?
[Swift] Let's just get
the fuck outta here, man.
Stop.
- [grunts]
- [yelling]
Caleb! Caleb! You motherfucker!
You son of a bitch!
Look what youse made me do.
Go take care of that body out
front, and load the truck.
[Adder] You know she's right,
this is fucked!
[Swift]
Is that money up there or not?
[Adder]
Somewhere, but fuck this.
Let's just roll
before the cops come.
Look, I know you don't
want to go back inside.
[Swift] I ain't leaving here
empty-handed.
[Adder] I can move the weed,
get us paid.
Come on, fuck the safe,
it'll take too much time.
[Swift]
Nah, Ticker won't go for it.
[Adder]
You got a gun.
You could drop
that crazy fuck
before he even knew
what was going on.
[Swift]
Motherfucker, I don't know you,
and I don't trust you.
No, no.
[Ticker grunts]
Oh, by the way,
great idea
sticking youse in there.
The closet.
[door creaks]
I don't know where it is!
Well, maybe, if you think really
hard, you'll be able to guess.
You just killed the only person
who knew where it is.
No, no, no...
[Adder] You... you really think
he's gonna give you half?
[Swift] You ain't never
been on the inside, I can tell.
[Adder] Yeah, yeah,
that's right, 'cause I'm smart.
[Swift] Nah, that ain't it at
all.
You're just too much
of a coward pussy
to do anything worth
getting sent up for anyway.
Ticker's batshit crazy, I'll give you
that, but he ain't no liar.
He'll give me mine.
[Adder]
Yeah, yeah, good luck with that.
You better get your ass
inside that damn room.
[panting]
Please, don't hurt her.
Hurt her?
[clicking tongue]
I'm going to make her feel
really... really good.
Please, she's pregnant.
Is that right?
When a lion takes over another's
pride, you know what he does?
Do you know?
First thing:
He kills all his rival's cubs.
It forces the females into heat.
Can he help but mate with them,
over and over again?
I almost forgot I gave you that.
Thanks, mate.
Come on, then, love.
[sighs]
Let's have some fun.
Come on.
[shrieking]
No! Stop! Stop!
No! No! No!
[shrieking]
[Maria] Baby, do something!
Baby!
[Swift]
Then you got two choices:
Tell us where that safe is,
or beg me to put you
out of your misery.
Huh?
What's it gonna be?!
Let's go!
Gotta show you something.
The cave! The cave!
[Swift]
Tick!
The cave! He just found it!
It's gotta be there!
I know it's there!
Take your time.
It's in the cave.
- It's in there.
- [Swift] Get up.
[Maria] Let me go!
Come on in.
Enjoy the show.
[Swift] You seem like the smart one.
Keep it that way,
and there's chance
you'll survive all this.
No, there ain't.
Just let my kid
have that chance.
Keep walking.
Oh...
I guess you're not in heat yet.
Might have to
rip out that cub, hey?
You always talk this much
before you fuck?
[laughing]
Where did they find you?
[engine shuts off]
[radio chatter indistinct]
[speaking Spanish]
[stuttering]
Did she just...
Did you just call me a wolf?
Prison wolf. Straight boy
who fucks ass inside.
[knocking]
But you ain't even that,
are you?
[sheriff]
County sheriff.
Get that fuck!
[knocking]
Take off your clothes.
County sheriff, open up!
What's with all the noise? We're...
we're trying to work here.
Slow.
Get out here.
[Swift]
Keep walking.
How much further?
It's a little ways.
I heard how you reacted
when Diego got shot.
Where's the owner
and his brother?
Uh, owner is out,
and his brother kinda does
his own thing, so, I don't know.
You sure about that?
I don't know what you're getting
at, sheriff, but, uh, to be honest,
I'm a... I'm a little stoned.
You led my little brother
right to him, man.
He was just a kid.
Look, the last thing I
wanted
was for anybody to get hurt.
Now, I'm sorry
about your brother.
But there's nothing
we can do about that now.
Now move.
Move!
See, I got a call from up here.
More than one actually.
Number's come up
registered to Hayes.
Oh, Caleb, yeah, yeah.
He said he was
trying to call you about that,
uh, that, paper work.
Had some questions.
He called 911 for that?
The dispatch thought
she heard gunshots.
Maybe he was
reporting some poachers.
You know, there's a lot
of wildlife up here, you know?
It's right there.
O Lord, Jesus Christ,
please forgive his sins,
just as You forgave those
who crucified You.
Stop. Get up.
Count not the transgressions,
but rather his tears of
repentance.
I said get up!
For he knows not
what he's gonna do, please.
Look!
Look, man, you do this for me,
I promise you,
I'll pop off a shot
and let him think you're dead.
It'll all be over.
You understand?
Yeah, but since the calls
came from this property,
that gives me probable cause
to look inside.
With all due respect, sheriff,
that doesn't sound right.
Right?
You mean using, selling drugs,
that kinda right?
I don't wanna go back to prison.
I'm not a bad man.
I never have been.
But I need this lick, man.
All right?
The code's 4-9-2-9.
I'm not going in there. Whatever happens
in that cave is between you and God.
Hey, you know,
marijuana's legal now.
We're paying your salary.
Sheriff Garber!
[lock clicking]
Have a seat.
Do it!
We had a bachelor party
last night.
You know something,
getting kinda sick of listening
to your bullshit.
Shit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bag. You got a bag?
What's in there?
It's just a closet.
[Rob]
Almost done.
Keep 'em comin'.
Yeah.
Hey, do me a favor,
pick up the rest of those.
Hurry up.
[groans]
[panting]
[banging]
All right!
Don't move!
[winces]
Whoa...
I'm sorry to scare you,
señorita.
What the fuck?
I told you,
we were having a party.
[panting]
Get down on the ground,
right now!
[gun clicks]
[groans]
Shit!
[sheriff]
I will blow your head off!
Do it, now!
Sheriff!
[yelling]
Fuckin' stupid...
[mutters]
Sorry to scare you, señorita.
My condolences.
Condolences for what?
You think that shot
was for my man?
Rob's from a family of Marines.
Where did your big black sex toy
learn how to handle a gun?
He's a thief, not a killer.
You know fuck all about it.
That's why you're just
a wee farm whore.
My man's not dead.
[speaking Spanish]
Swift!
Say he's dead again.
I don't think he's dead,
but he's gone.
Surprise.
Gone how?
He's been scheming on you
ever since you went
to get the truck.
Asked if I could
just punt the weed.
[scoffs] I wouldn't trust you
to walk my dog.
It's true, even if it's coming
from this piece of shit.
I could tell he wanted to leave
ever since you killed that kid.
[whispering] He wouldn't get very far.
I have the keys.
He could have wired
the truck though.
Took the other guy's car.
Take the cuffs.
And, Adder... leave the pistol.
Aye.
Come here, you.
[grunting]
And why'd you stick around?
I told you...
I'm going to pay off my debt.
And why?
I didn't want to run from you.
Smart.
[laughing]
Sorry.
Keys.
Give me the keys.
Give me the fucking keys!
Swift!
Ah, I hope you
enjoyed the fucking show!
Fuck you!
Baby, baby, I'm sorry.
How could you bring
someone like that here, huh?
[Ticker]
You out here?!
I know you out here!
Right boy?!
Do you have a hair pin?
- Maria!
- In the... dresser.
Or are you just another runner?!
[Adder] I didn't have a choice.
Of course you had a choice!
You chose!
They weren't taking "no"
for an answer.
- Hurry the fuck up!
- I'm trying!
I admit, things got a little
dicey back there, fucked.
But if we hustle outta here now,
we still got a chance
for our happy ending.
[speaking Spanish]
I don't speak fucking Spanish!
Did you even hesitate
to put my life in danger?
- Baby, baby...
- Stop fucking calling me "baby."
Shit!
My cousin is dead...
because of you!
Wait, wait, is this about...
Are you knocked up for real?
Fuck you.
You were supposed to
wear protection.
You know what...?
Let's just go.
We'll get it taken care of, OK?
Just go!
Fucking, come on!
Tell me you feel good...
killing him like that!
Make you feel like a real man?!
[groans]
[yells]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[yells]
You better run.
You better fucking run!
[Maria] So, what,
we'll just load up the weed,
and then go drive
a thousand miles to sell it?!
- That's your plan?
- Have you got a better one?
That's what
we were gonna do anyway!
You had one job to do! One!
Not fuck the shit up for both of us!
And you fucked it up!
I wasn't fucking expecting
some clock-faced psychopath
to come through the door
and demand things!
If it wasn't for your dumbass,
he would've
never fucking came here!
- [wind whipping]
- [groans]
My fucking fault?! I decide when
he gets fucking paroled, do I?!
I fucking decide?!
[speaking Spanish]
- [Adder] I don't speak fucking Spanish!
- I don't give a fuck!
You nearly got us,
all of us, killed!
Do you know how much fucking
easier it would've been
not to come back in there
and fucking leave?!
You want me to thank you?!
Thank you! Thank you for that!
A thank you woulda been
fucking nice!
I'm the fucking one
that came down the hall...
- And then what?!
- ...and saved your fucking ass!
Oh, saved me!
Well, you know what,
I wish you fucking hadn't!
[grunts]
Look, look, look, while your...
...while your fucking baby-daddy
and Cogsworth
are out there
fighting in the dirt,
we'll be well on our way
to Motown.
You are fucking retarded!
Do you know how much this fucking
shit sells for in Detroit?!
[grunting]
And then what?
Huh?
What do you fucking mean?
What will we do?
What will become of us?
Become of us?
[wheezes]
If you'd just
done that in the first place,
everybody'd still be alive!
[wheezes]
Are you fucking serious?
[yelling]
- [groans]
- [grunts]
Fuck it.
Still ticking.
Still tick, tick...
You got that out of your system?
Just shoot me in the head, pal.
No, I want you
to take your time dying.
What? What the fuck?!
We'll get your fucking situation
squared away, work on our next move.
Let this all blow over.
We've done it
a fucking millions times before,
we'll do it again!
No.
I'll leave it to the animals
to finish you off.
Yeah, and then what?
We're all fucking animals, son.
[laughing]
We got Rob!
It's... so glad you're okay.
I just got here
and found Maria all tied up.
Where's your car?
It's the gate, they locked it,
I had to...
I had to leg it in.
He threatened our baby.
He did this!
He brought them here!
He got your brother killed!
Maria, what the fuck!
You know that's not true!
Let's not start blaming each...
[grunting]
[radio chatter indistinct]
[Maria]
Where is it?
Where the fuck is it?
You fuck!
You like fucking my girl?!
She's a good fucking actress,
isn't she?
You think that she fucking likes
you?!
- [gunshot]
- [groans]
[coughing]
I swear, I prayed for protection,
from everything, from this.
- What, leaving me for dead?
- No, that's not true!
I didn't know!
He was making me leave.
Then why you still
pointing a gun at me, Maria?
Why are you asking me that,
instead of asking if we're okay?
We?
Is it even really mine?
I don't know...
but... but I want her to be.
I chose you. I choose you.
But if that's not enough,
I can raise her on my own.
[laughing]
I got nothing left to give,
Maria!
Why don't you go get
your money bag
from your other friend
in the cave?
Please, don't make me do this.
[laughing]
What... what else do you
want me to give?
What do you want from me?!
What do you want me to do?!
What do you expect?!
How do you expect me
to make this work, huh?
After this?
Because you believe
in serendipity.
[panting]
Hey, no! No! No!
[groans]
[panting]
Baby!
[crying]
[whimpering]
[narrator] The mythology for
these enemies is well-known.
And although hyenas
have a reputation as thieves,
they are more than
capable predators.
The matriarch
both dominates her pack,
and fiercely defends it from
the lions who stalk her cubs;
for the lion and hyena
are sympatric.
And although they fight
for resources and respect,
their behaviors
are quite different.
In the pride, the alpha protects
his territory from rogues,
while the lionesses hunt.
But a hyena cannot rely
on companionship from her pack.
The social system
of the spotted hyena
is openly competitive
rather than cooperative.
And this particular creature
must embrace her independence
and learn to hunt alone.
For she must remain,
above all, a survivor.
www.DopeMovie.io